easy, article_4, The effect of the initial conditions on the evolution of the system is studied.
easy, article_76, A new scaling law for the turbulent energy spectrum is derived.
easy, article_34, The sources are distributed isotropically over the sky.
easy, article_101, Sources and destinations are paired up one-to-one in an arbitrary fashion.
easy, article_198, The algebra of the constraints is closed for any quantum potential when restricted to the quantum Bohmian trajectories and hence there is no inconsistency in the sense of Dirac, neither for quantum geometrodynamics, nor for quantum field theory.
medium, article_5, The results presented here are based on a sample of 100 galaxies selected from the SDSS.
medium, article_23, The idea that our universe contains a vast number of light scalar fields is also based on expectations from landscape models, see e.g.  @xcite.
medium, article_99, The system is particularly interesting because it is the only gamma-ray binary system where the nature of the compact object is known.
medium, article_154, The idea that local equilibrium patches are embedded in turbulence forms the basis of the present work.
medium, article_55, We find that the distribution of mass ratios for stellar companions to hot Jupiter systems peaks at small values and therefore differs from that of field star binaries which tend to be uniformly distributed across all mass ratios.
specific, article_9: as the numerical model for microswimmers , we employed the squirmer model@xcite . in this model , the microswimmers are expressed by rigid particles with a prescribed flow field on their surface .
specific, article_98: the magnetic moment is one of the fundamental properties of the nucleon .
specific, article_198: in the present work we show that this is not the case : the algebra of the constraints is closed for any quantum potential when restricted to the quantum bohmian trajectories and hence there is no inconsistency in the sense of dirac , neither for quantum geometrodynamics , nor for quantum field theory .
specific, article_65: clusters of galaxies trace the largest gravitationally bound mass concentrations in the universe .
specific, article_31: radiative decays of heavy quarkonia , where a photon replaces one of the three gluons from the strong decay of , for example , the @xmath15 or @xmath0 , are useful in studying color - singlet two - gluon systems .
